My sweet rose As the two of us grow I want you to know that nothing's quite as bad As it seems when you're so sad So remember my rose, remember my rose My sweet rose I'd like to say I'd like to say no one always gets their way And no one always thinks the same My rose, remember my rose When the seasons change And the sky turns grey When the leaves turn brown I'll be around My sweet rose As the two of us change I want you to know that nothing stays the same But you and I, we will remain My rose, remember my roseYour surprises wear disguises All of your truths masquerade around on hallows eve So I'll never know what you show to unfamiliar faces So impressed by you undressing Did you take his hand aside from love The truth would break me in two I'll never know what you show to unfamiliar faces This is the voice that's scared to hear those names So this is the void, we'll leave a hole in space I'll take it kindly if you blindly Holding inside the thoughts I have Inquisitively wondering I'll never know what you show to unfamiliar faces But this is the voice that's scared to hear those names So this is the void we'll leave a hole in space I'll never know what you show to unfamiliar faces I'll never know what you show to unfamiliar faces Unfamiliar facesOh Mr  Pit, oh Mr  Pit, Mr  Pitiful Who let you down Who let you down Who let you down You still don't believe, you don't believe You don't believe, and your grievances show When your soapbox unfolds But please come down from that cloud you're sitting on I don't expect you to admit that you were wrong I just want to know how you've been It don't make me feel bad that we're still friends Mulling it all over in my bed I hope that you see through your picket I hope that you see through your big yard and white picket fence To make amends And still be friends, still be my friend So where did you go  Where did you go Where did you go while I was out While I was out  While I was out I've been waiting, pacing along the halls Ever since you left here I've been cleaning, scrubbing the plates And weeding out the garden dear I can't fall asleep to your mystery Slowly blowing from the shore I have not failed to be what you'd expect of me Swallowing glass just to stay pure All the birds are heading down south But you're staying up north you say I've got jackets, blankets, and sheets It's going to be a cold December It could be warm you see, a statue next to me Swimming away from ice and snow Could I have failed to see the signs in front of me Warning and flashing symbols, subtle and simple I couldn't see I couldn't see If only time could slow down, maybe I could come up It's such a cold December It's such a cold December It's so coldAstair your glare is killing me Astair in skies of blue The signs you wear are making me So confused But the mountains and the trees Are they just what you need Or are they less than what You'd expect to see And if you're leaving well come Give me reason why I let you down Before you turn around now, now Before you turn around Astair you're there and I'm still here I swear I'm so confused The signs you wear are making me Feel like I'm the one to lose But the canyons and the seas Are they just what you need Or are they less than what You'd expect to seeI've heard the story I'm sure he held you down Forced you to do things while I'm not around But you lied, you lied But I've got cigarette eyes Feel uneasy I think of you less My mind is so restless and I'm feeling depressed Oh my, oh my, to see you with that spy You lie, but I know cause I've got cigarette eyes Out in the country I'm sure no one could tell You held a victim under your spell So go hide, go hide But I've got cigarette eyes I feel uneasy, I think of you less My mind is so restless and I'm feeling obsessed Oh my, oh my, to see you with that spy You lied But I know cause I've got cigarette eyesSunshine I'd really like to tell you Oh my sunshine Even though your skies are blue You're drying up my bed How can I get any rest now Sha la la la la la la la Someday You will get the best of me Oh someday Probably when I'm old and grey I'm lying in my bed And I will soon be put to rest now Sha la la la la la la la Sunshine I'd really like to tell you Oh my sunshine Even though your skies are blue You're drying up my bed How can I get any rest now Sha la la la la la la laBaby we're running out of money Honey we're running out of dough I'm turning back to the man that I once was But it was fun to fool them for a while Finally those… good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end Good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end Everyone smiles for a sad song Especially when they're riding high But right now it's a crying shame That the good times are coming to an end Finally those… good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end All those… good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end I won't miss those fancy dinners Won't even miss those fancy clothes I won't miss that girl I love I'm just turning back to the man that I once was Finally those… good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end All those… good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end Babe we're running out of money Honey we're running out of dough Let's slow it all in a fiery bash And the rest we'll put up into smoke Finally those… good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end All those… good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end All those… good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end All those… good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end Good times are coming Those good times are coming now Good times are coming Those good times are coming now Good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end Good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end All those… good times are coming Those good times are coming Good times are coming… to an end Good times are coming… to an endShe's going out tonight!She heard aquarium friends Amongst the buffoons and the bogarts She's strung out again She knows not what she does She knows not what she feels She don't know if she's living or dying Her pockets full of pills She's colder than the coast to Maine On a snowy winter's day She'll cut you like she cut me And send you raging on the sea Sharon, Sharon, Sharon Sharon, Sharon Sharon, Sharon, Sharon You know I see you make arrangements With all the lawyers that they bought I know you're going through some changes Oh I know you're going through those changes Yeah I know you're going through those changes Go, go, go, and still your daddy pays your rentI would shine just like a million suns If you'd just love me baby I'll be in your life again So baby, baby just say maybe Now here I come To dance around the sun I've been oh so blue Stuck behind the moon Now let me in Back where we begin And let me hold you like the way I used to do All the stars point me to you And lately they just drive me crazy A universe can be so cruel So baby, baby be my lady Now here I come To dance around the sun I've been oh so blue Stuck behind the moon Now let me in Back where we begin And let me hold you like the way I used to do