I can see why you think you belong to me I never tried to make you think or let you see One thing for yourself But now you're off with someone else and I'm alone You see, I thought that I might keep you for my own Amie, what you wanna do I think I could stay with you For a while, maybe longer if I do Don't you think the time is right for us to find All the things we thought weren't proper could be right in time And can you see which way we should turn, together or alone I can never see what's right or what is wrong Oh, you take too long to see Amie, what you wanna do I think I could stay with you For a while, maybe longer if I doDark clouds are blowing in the wind He's crossing your mind again You've got that sad, sad feeling, from a broken heart Feeling so close to the end Let me love you tonight There's a million stars in the sky Let me love you tonight I'll make everything alright When you find out how good love can be You're so lost when it sets you free They say once in your life you find someone that's right Someone who loves you like me Let me love you tonight There's a million stars in the sky Let me love you tonight I'll make everything alright When the moon has forgotten what the night's about And the stars can't work their places out Hold me tighter than tight When the daylight comes it'll be alright Let me love you tonight There's a million stars in the sky Let me love you tonight I'll make everything alrightEarly morning riser I can still feel all your sunlight shine before the dawn First light morning feeling's got me losing so much sleep I just can't say how much I miss you when you're gone'Cause I get a feeling something like a summer wind When you love me like a sister, then you're gone again But there's so much light shining in your eyes That you just can't help but keep a love alive Now I hear some other loving sunshine brother's Left you crying and you're all alone So dry your eyes and try and say your goodbyes'Cause you're old enough to get back on your feel all on your own Don't you kind of get a feeling like a summer wind'Cause he loved you like a brother, now he's gone again But there's still a lot of love light in your eyes And you sure know how to keep a man alive Well you can stand right there and tell me something's wrong It's so hard to know your problems when you're gone So, early morning riser There's not much more I can do to try and make things right If you need another sunshine brother I can be right there beside you by the early morning lightSittin' in Ellenwood Gardens..  sittin' in the Sherwood Mall Wonderin' if it really matters..  wonderin' if it is at all Used to be so good..  somethin' new inside me every day, looks like La la la la la la la..  You're between me La la la la la la la..  Right between me La la la la la la la..  You're between me..  and what I wanna be Sittin' on Mc Kenzie River..  listenin' to Mc Kendree Spring Tryin' to get into heaven..  tryin' to get into almost everything now Used to be so good..  somethin' new inside me every day, looks like La la la la la la la..  You're between me La la la la la la la..  it's just that you ain't seen me La la la la la la la..  You're between me..  and what I wanna be La la la la la la la..  You're between me La la la la la la la..  it's just that you ain't seen me La la la la la la la..  You're between me..  and what I wanna be Sittin' on Mc Kenzie River..  listenin' to Mc Kendree Spring, they're so godamn good Tryin' to get into heaven..  tryin' to get into almost everything now Used to be so good..  somethin' new inside me every day La la la la la la la..  You're between me La la la la la la la..  it's just that you ain't seen me La la la la la la la..  You're between me..  and what I wanna be La la la la la la la...La la la la la la la..  lookin' like it La la la la la la la..  sittin' down gettin' right down to it La la la la la la la.. Soon it will be time to go I don't want to leave, I guess you know Maybe something new will come up And I can come home for just a few more days Get off this two lane highway Is going my way, moving fast Two lane highway Is taking me home, home at last You don't want me sleeping in You turn around, I'm back again I guess this time I'm really gone But it don't seem right, I've been up all night On this two lane highway Is going my way, moving fast Two lane highway Is taking me home, home at last Two lane highway Is going my way, moving fast Two lane highway Is taking me home, home at last Two lane highway Going my way, moving fast Two lane highway Taking me home, home at last Is taking me home, home at last Oh, is taking me home, home at lastI can see your smile Almost every day Lookin' back awhile to find another way Hey hey, get your favours done I thought I was the one But you see I've just begun to look the other way Hmm, won't you take it before you go, then you won't have to let me know What you didn't want to say If you take it before you go, then you won't have to let me know What you really had to pay Thinking back again Looking way back then Oh, I can still remember when you'd open up and say Hey, hey, hey, hey now I didn't think you could, now I think you should If you're lookin' half as good as you did yesterday Hey hey heyI know that it's supposed to be all over And I know that I can take it, if that's the way it has to be But you see, it's been so long we've been together That I just can't believe it anyway It's so hard to say goodbye to one who loves you When you know that you might never meet again And I know we both will cry and miss each other But I just can't believe it anyway No, I just can't believe it anyway Here we stand, hand in hand, not knowing what to say Now I open the door and as we're going These tears in our eyes threaten to give us both away And, for once, now our hearts are really showing Still, I just can't believe it anyway No, I just can't believe it anywayTurn around looks like it's happened one more time Somethin's wrong I can't find a reason or a rhyme But if you find out don't try to tell me cause I can't feel anything at all Sun lights you ya gotta shine on through so I can have it all If you find lots of other reasons to keep me near Don't tell me I think I've had it all way up to here Yeah but if ya find out don't try to tell me cause I can't feel anything at all Sun lights you ya gotta shine on through so I can have it all But I Got to find a reason to feel the way I do I'm gettin' kinda tired of pleasin' them but I Want you here beside me yes I do So turn around and take a good long look at what they're tryin' to do to me No matter how hard I look you know I just can't seem to see..  but ya know I Got to find a reason to feel the way I do I'm gettin' kinda tired of pleasin' them but I Want you here beside me yes I doCoke and Jamaican rum Sleepin' by your gun Close my eyes and I wake up with the phone Yes, I'm worried all the times I come to you baby just to blow my lines Every day's a wonder, each night is a lone one Paupers deal hands, they play games Making us the same In this dream you're a princess and I, a king Exchanging tokens with the palace guards Just plain living couldn't be that hard And it's all in the giving when you're a keeper Tuscon, Arizona Casa Grandes over my shoulder And this evening feelin's come so strong All I want to do is say And all I want say is done We've begun, we've begun Falling in the face of love Trying to keep our heads above Two-time trying deals we've all had Tell me who's troubled over spoken words And can't remember a thing they've heard Yes, I'm speaking to you and not the receiverAs I drove down on 65, I was cruisin' down that old grapevine Well, I must have been doin' at least about 95 Well out there on the side of the road all broke down and Who do you think was standin' around But the greatest country singer alive!I'll fix your flat tire Merle Don't ya get your sweet country pickin' fingers all covered with erl Cause you're a honky, I know, but Merle you got soul And I'll fix your flat tire Merle Well I hear you had an adventurous youth, makin' love in a telephone booth And I even hear you did a little stretch in jail But now you got a big ranch house with a bar And eight, nine, ten of them fancy cars And every other little check comin' in the mail I'll fix your flat tire Merle Don't ya get your sweet country pickin' fingers all covered with erl Cause you're a honky, I know, but Merle you got soul And I'll fix your flat tire Merle Now I heard all them records ya did, makin' fun of us long haired kids And now ya know we don't care what ya think..  Merle If you're gonna call the world your home Ya know you're gonna have to get out and get stoned An' it's better with a joint than with a drink, I think